The project is developed between meetings in person and online, and the use of GitHub.
The purpose of combining both is to have more flexibility with the schedule of everyone in the project.
The meetings will be detailed in this file in order to keep track of the decisions that are taken during this meetings and also to be able to participate in this decisions in the case anyone can not attend the meeting.


1st of November meeting:
Attendance: Sergio, Andrea Edu.
During this meeting we discussed the topics of the project, the goal of the project is to try to measure the impact of the climate change in the temperature of two towns in Sweden, the first one we chose was Umea and the second one Falsterbo. The decision is based in the geographical location of both towns and the amount of data avaiable for both stations, this will be more detailed in the report.
Also in this meeting we decided which graphs we should plot to try to show this shift in the temperature. The detail of the graphs can be found on the report. 
At the end we decided the next step to do in our project, starting for cleaning the data for both stations and settling the distribution for the GitHub repository.

13th of November meeting:
Attendance: Sergio and Edu.
The purpose of this meeting was to discuss about the format the data files should have after the cleaning process.
The result of this meeting was the agreement on having seven different columns with the different variables.

15th of november meeting:
Attendance: Andrea, Sergio and Edu.
In these meeting we discussed how to visualize better the plot of the days of coldest and warmest temperature during the years, as the normal way of plotting the days from january to december did not provide a clear plot which showed the actual trends.
As a result, we decided to modify the filtered data, by actually shifting the days in order to start the year in september, like the academic years in southern Europe. These changes have been done collaborating all togheter.
Also, we started analysing the data and writing the report.

16th of november meeting:
Attendance: Andrea, Sergio and Edu.
The aim of this meeting was to discuss which parts of the projects are left or if we needed to make any change to the code that was already built.
The first result was that we needed to update the data files in order to add two new columns with the delta of the temperature. These changes have been done collaborating all togheter.
Given the final plots, the data analysis and the report were completed in the next days.
